Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
I'm going to just get right to it, but first off, I want to take the time to give God praise and say, 'For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
' Everyone needs to say that; I would say you can go through your whole day always thinking that the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever, and that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He's the same as what He was back then; He's never changed.
He is doing miracles today just like what He did 2,000 years ago.
You just have to believe.
I believe with all my heart we are about to see signs, wonders, and creative miracles.
We're going to see demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
I want to be encouraging today.
I know I've dropped some really heavy videos, and I know that that was what the Holy Spirit told me to do, but I felt today the Lord told me to try to lift you all up and get you excited.
Let you know that the sky is not falling.
Things aren't all getting bad for the body of Christ.
When things are getting darker for the world, the light is going to get lighter for the body of Christ.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: it's like a quarter with two sides.
The dark is going to get darker, and the light is going to get lighter.
Which side do you want to focus on?
What you put your attention on the most is what's going to get bigger in your life, and I'm going to focus on the glory.
Yes, I have to tell you what the Holy Spirit tells me, but on the other side of it, there is a great outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord coming to this earth in a way we've never seen before.
It's going to be a glorious outpouring, a move like we've never seen before.
He said, 'Behold, I do a new thing.
' He's going to bring forth water in the desert; it's going to be amazing.
I remember when I was driving down the road and the Lord said, 'There's very sobering days coming, Brandon.
' But then He asked, 'What's the opposite of being sober?
' I said, 'Well, Lord, being drunk.
' He said, 'That's right.
Be filled with the Holy Spirit; be drunk in the Holy Ghost, stirred up in your spirit, and filled to overflowing.
' Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
The Lord told me that you're going to have to learn how to live in a state of being filled with the Spirit of the Lord in these last days, stirring yourself up in your most holy faith by praying in the Holy Ghost.
I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I know there are Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, and all kinds of people on here, but I'm charismatic and I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I unashamedly believe with all my heart that you have the ability to pray in tongues, and according to Acts chapter 2, that is still going on today.
We can pray in an unknown tongue to the Father and pray mysteries to the Lord.
It's like your secret language to the Lord that the devil doesn't understand.
When you're praying in English, he hears you and thinks he's getting to you because you're whining about your flesh.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Sometimes I don't want him to hear what I'm saying, so I pray in tongues.
It bypasses my flesh and my intellect and goes straight to the Lord's throne room.
If you want to be baptized in the Holy Spirit, today could be your day.
I believe for you to receive a fresh touch and a fresh fire of the Holy Spirit on your life, and that you'll speak in other tongues and walk in the supernatural.
People want to know how to walk in the supernatural or have visitations and demonstrations of angelic visitations and Jesus coming.
I've had eight visitations from Jesus.
I'm not anything special, but I make an atmosphere for Him to want to visit.
He inhabits the praises of His people.
If you make a place for the Holy Spirit to be comfortable in your home, car, or workplace, He'll come and visit.
It's about practicing His presence.
I don't act religious.
I've learned, even more so in the last couple of days, how many people are a bunch of Pharisees in this comment section.
I was asking the Lord what was going on with these comments, and He said, 'Brandon, there is a lot of satanic agenda whenever you get broadcasted all over the world.
There are people that have been assigned to try to cause havoc in the comment section and cause division and strife.
' They're planted there, so just pray and bless them.
I'm going to walk in love; perfect love casts out all fear.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I bless every one of you trolls out there, but I'll just hide you, block you, or shadowban you.
The Lord's got this, and I'm excited because people are getting born again on this channel and set free by the power of Jesus' name.
I talked to someone yesterday who asked why some people don't get healed when we pray.
You will never walk totally in the supernatural without a foundation of the Word of God.
You have to make the Word a priority; it is beyond any prophetic word you will hear on YouTube.
The Word of God stands alone as the foundation in your life.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
If you don't get that Word down inside of you, you can be snared by familiar spirits and demonic stuff that comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
He comes as an angel of light, not a devil with horns and a pitchfork.
He is subtle, like the serpent that spoke in Eve's ear.
When you are laying hands on the sick, why don't we see miracles more often?
The Bible says, 'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done for you.
' Let's check our Word level.
You have to have a revelation and a manifestation of that rhema word to get the manifestation of what you're believing for.
If your Word level is low and you're not seeing miracles, that's why.
The Word is the only thing that delivers.
He sent His Word to set the captives free.
We are set free by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
Everything we will ever need is found in the Word of God.
If you don't have a scripture for what you're believing for—finances, healing, or your marriage—find it.
Use a Bible app to search for scriptures on overcoming depression or addictions and start meditating on them.
Renew your mind.
When that Word gets down inside your spirit like a deep root, it will cultivate and spring forth good fruit.
Then you lay hands on the sick, and they will recover.
But if you're doing it out of an empty Word base, you won't see results.
When I prayed for my dogs and they were raised from the dead, or when I laid hands on the man who got brand new lungs, I was meditating on the Word on a continual basis.
You have to feed your spirit just like you feed your flesh.
Many people only feed their spirit on Sundays, but you should feed your spirit breakfast, lunch, and dinner to keep it strong.
You need a relationship with the Lord in good times and in bad.
You wouldn't only talk to your spouse when you wanted something.
Getting that Word inside you is easy; you just have to be determined.
Faith works by love.
If your faith isn't working, check your love walk.
They go together because God is love and God is the Word.
The angels once told me that the most important thing we will be judged on in heaven is how we handled love.
Love is the key to the glory.
The glorious outpouring is attached to the love of God.
If you are in strife or discord in your home, check your love tank.
Love never fails.
Sometimes I feel dry and the Lord tells me, 'Brandon, your Word level's low.
You haven't been in the Word enough.
' You've got to fill yourself with the Holy Ghost, pray in the spirit, and jump in that river.
I have the same Holy Spirit inside of me as you do; I just choose to operate in it more.
He is no respecter of persons, but He is a respecter of faith.
If you aren't seeing miracles, it's because you're ignorant of the Word.
The Bible says that by His stripes we are healed.
When the evening was come, they brought Him many who were possessed, and He cast out the spirits with His word and healed all who were oppressed.
Do you believe Jesus will do it for you?
Most people believe He can, but do you believe He has compassion on you?
The woman with the issue of blood believed it, and her faith made her whole.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
We receive salvation by grace through faith, and it takes the same amount of faith to believe for healing.
You have to be like a bulldog on a bone; I'm not letting go of what He promised me.
Father, I thank you for every person represented here.
I call healing over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
I command sickness and the foul devil of infirmity to let them go.
We call them delivered by the blood of Jesus.
I call their minds free from the spirit of fear and PTSD.
I pray peace over their minds and call those memories of tragic events off of them.
I speak life over their adrenal glands and cortisol levels; adrenal fatigue is wiped out.
I call healing from cancers and tumors.
We say in the name of Jesus they are delivered from diabetes, indigestion, and acid reflux.
I speak to cataracts: go now in the name of Jesus.
I call ears to pop open and hearing to be restored.
I speak to tennis elbow, arthritis, and plantar fasciitis to go now.
I call blood disorders like HIV and hepatitis healed.
I bind every foul devil associated with blood disorders and command you to leave.
Receive the fire of the Holy Spirit to burn out growths and tumors.
I speak to that man's prostate: be healed and whole.
I call restoration over female organs and the seed of man.
You will conceive and receive a baby; you will not miscarry this time.
It will be a full-term pregnancy.
The Lord said He's going to bless your womb.
Renew your mind with the Word.
Thank you, Lord, for demonstrations and manifestations.
We're not under the curse; Jesus has set us free.
For sickness I have health, for poverty wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
In His presence, troubles vanish and hearts are mended.
Reach out and grab it by faith.
His name is Jesus; rise and be healed.
Receive the power of the Holy Spirit now.
I hope this blessed you.
I had a fresh touch myself.
Remember, Jesus loves you.
God bless you.